cagent (#23336)
docker/docs: content/manuals/ai/cagent/_index.md

   export GOOGLE_API_KEY=<your_api_key_here>    # For Gemini models
   ```

1. Create an agent by saving this sample as `assistant.yaml`:

   ```yaml {title="assistant.yaml"}
   agents:
     root:
       model: openai/gpt-5-mini
       description: A helpful AI assistant
       instruction: |
         You are a knowledgeable assistant that helps users with various tasks.
         Be helpful, accurate, and concise in your responses.
   ```

1. Start your prompt with your agent:

   ```bash
   cagent run assistant.yaml
   ```

## Create an agentic team

You can use AI prompting to generate a team of agents with the `cagent new`
command:

```console
$ cagent new

For any feedback, please visit: https://docker.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cNsCIg92nQemlfw

Welcome to cagent! (Ctrl+C to exit)

What should your agent/agent team do? (describe its purpose):

> I need a cross-functional feature team. The team owns a specific product
  feature end-to-end. Include the key responsibilities of each of the roles
  involved (engineers, designer, product manager, QA). Keep the description
  short, clear, and focused on how this team delivers value to users and the business.
```

> Alternatively, you can write your configuration file by hand. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can write your configuration file manually. For example:
```
